Update discover link (#11964)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/pages/vagrant-cloud/boxes/using.mdx

boxes you can use with Vagrant that contain the technologies you need
for a Vagrant environment. We've made it extremely easy to do that:

> 1. Go to the [Discover page](https://vagrantcloud.com/), and search for

Reviewer: Good catch! 
I think this should go to the search page. In particular if the user already has an account and is logged in https://vagrantcloud.com/ will go to that users dashboard.

```suggestion
1. Go to the [Discover page](https://app.vagrantup.com/boxes/search), and search for
```
